# Assignment12P1
Assignment12 Programming 1
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Author: Cesar Roncancio
Date:   08/06/2021

Description:
In this assignment, you will create the game called Rock Paper Scissors game with a little twist to it. In this version, you will also include Lizard and Spock. This means the players have the choice of Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, and Spock.
<br>
The program will play the game between a user and the computer. The game will continue until there is a winner to the game, the user should not be prompted to see if they want to continue when there is a tie in the game. If the game is a tie then the program must make the user play again, until there is a winner. Once there is a winner, the program (game) must end.
<br>
The computer's choice will be a random number generated by the program using the random number generator. The number must be limited to the following values:
<br>
Rock <br>
Paper <br>
Scissors <br>
Lizard <br>
Spock <br>
Use a menu to prompt the user for their choice, using the same values as above. The program will then display the computer's choice and the user's choice in a textual format. Meaning if the computer random number is 3 then it should display something like "The computer choice is Scissors."
<br>
The program will then determine if there is a winner or a tie. If there is a winner the program must tell the user, the rule the winner won by (listed below).
<br>
A winner is determined using the following rules:
<br>
Scissors cut paper <br>
Paper covers rock <br>
Rock crushes lizard <br>
Lizard poisons Spock <br>
Spock smashes (or melts) scissors <br>
Scissors decapitate lizard <br>
Lizard eats paper <br>
Paper disproves Spock <br>
Spock vaporizes rock <br>
Rock breaks scissors <br>
The program must be divided into functions with at least the following functions:<br>
<br>
int getUserChoice() <br>
Displays a menu of choices <br>
Prompts the user for their choice from the menu <br>
Return the users choice as an integer to main <br>
int getComputerChoice() <br>
Use the random number generator to create the computer's choice <br>
returns the computer's choice as an integer to main <br>
bool determineWinner(int userChoice, int compChoice) <br>
Uses the two parameters to determine if there is a winner based on the rules provided above. <br>
Return true if there is a winner, false otherwise (used to determine if tie so that the game can continue in main). <br>
If a winner, then the correct message must be display indicating who won and by what rule. <br>
void displayChoice(int choice) <br>
To be used display user choice. <br>
To be used to display computer choice. <br>
Should be called two times o Display the choice as text not numeric (Such as "Rock" for choice of 1). <br>
The program must indicate whose choice it is. Does not need to be done in the function <br>
Function just displays the choice, a single word. <br>
<br>
Pseudo code: <br>
   Start <br>
	-Declare variables and Functions <br>
	-Call getUserChoice function and assign value to userGuess <br>
	-Call getComputerChoice function and addign value to compGuess <br>
	-Call displayChoice receiving compGuess <br>
	-Call determineWinner receiving userGuess and compGuess <br>
	-Function getUserChoice <br>
	-Display "1 - Rock" <br>
	-Display "2 - Paper" <br>
	-Display "3 - Scissors" <br>
	-Display "4 - Lizard" <br>
	-Display "5 - Spock" <br>
	-Display "Enter your guess: " <br>
	-Input choice <br>
	-While choice is not between 1 and 5 <br>
	-Display "choice must be between 1 and 5!" <br>
	-Display "Enter a valid guess: " <br>
	-Input choice <br>
	-Return choice <br>
	-Function getComputerChoice <br>
	-choice = (random number modulo 5) + 1 <br>
	-Return choice <br>
	-Function determineWinner receives user and comp <br>
	-While user equals comp <br>
	-winner equals false <br>
	-Call getUserChoice and assign to user <br>
	-Call getComputerChoice and assign to comp <br>
	-Call displayChoice receiving comp <br>
	-If user is different from comp <br>
	-winner equals true <br>
	-If user got scissors and comp got paper <br>
	-Display "Scissors cut paper. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got paper and comp got rock <br>
	-Display "Paper covers rock. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got rock and comp got lizard <br>
	-Display "Rock crushes lizard. You Win!" <br>
	-If user user got lizard and comp got spock <br>
	-Display "Lizard poisons Spock. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got spock and comp got scissors <br>
	-Display "Spock melts scissors. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got scissors and comp got lizard <br>
	-Display "Scissors decapitate lizard. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got lizard and comp got paper <br>
	-Display "Lizard eats paper. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got paper and comp got spock <br>
	-Display "Paper disproves Spock. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got spock and comp got rock <br>
	-Display "Spock vaporizes rock. You Win!" <br>
	-If user got rock and comp got scissors <br>
	-Display "Rock breaks scissors. You Win!" <br>
	-If comp got scissors and user got paper <br>
	-Display "Scissors cut paper. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got paper and user got rock <br>
	-Display "Paper covers rock. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got rock and user got lizard <br>
	-Display "Rock crushes lizard. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp user got lizard and user got spock <br>
	-Display "Lizard poisons Spock. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got spock and user got scissors <br>
	-Display "Spock melts scissors. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got scissors and user got lizard <br>
	-Display "Scissors decapitate lizard. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got lizard and user got paper <br>
	-Display "Lizard eats paper. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got paper and user got spock <br>
	-Display "Paper disproves Spock. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got spock and user got rock <br>
	-Display "Spock vaporizes rock. You Lose!" <br>
	-If comp got rock and user got scissors <br>
	-Display "Rock breaks scissors. You Lose!" <br>
	-Return winner <br>
	-Function displayChoice receives compChoice <br>
	-Display "Computer guess: " <br>
	-Display compChoice <br>
	-If compChoice equals 1 <br>
	-Display "The computer choice is Rock " <br>
	-If compChoice equals 2 <br>
	-Display "The computer choice is Paper " <br>
	-If compChoice equals 3 <br>
	-Display "The computer choice is Scissors " <br>
	-If compChoice equals 4 <br>
	-Display "The computer choice is Lizard " <br>
	-If compChoice equals 5 <br>
	-Display "The computer choice is Spock " <br>
   End
